[docs] Clarifying RDS binlog requirement (#4931)
debezium/debezium: documentation/modules/ROOT/pages/connectors/mysql.adoc

FROM performance_schema.global_variables WHERE variable_name='log_bin';
----

. If you run MySQL on Amazon RDS, you must enable automated backups for your database instance for binary logging to occur. 

> If the database instance is not configured to perform automated backups , the binlog is disabled, even if you apply the settings described in the previous steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the database instance is not configured to perform automated backups, the binlog is disabled, even if you apply the settings described in the previous steps.
```

Reviewer: There's an extra space before the comma.

FROM performance_schema.global_variables WHERE variable_name='log_bin';
----

> . If you are running MySQL on Amazon RDS, make sure to enable automated backups for your database instance. Otherwise, the binlog will not be enabled, despite of the settings described above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. If you run MySQL on Amazon RDS, you must enable automated backups for your database instance for binary logging to occur. 
If the database instance is not configured to perform automated backups , the binlog is disabled, even if you apply the settings described in the previous steps.
```
